Diary:

Note:
Tema: Musical taste and favs
Text: I really love music... like, really, really love it.
I could watch live shows of my favourite bands/artist for hours.
My first contact with music was with kids songs (those ABBA covers too).
My main genre is rock/metal/alt... Though I listen to other genres.
My first musical love was with Avril Lavigne and her best and biggest hit "Complicated". Oh my... how I loved her style and songs. Her debut album is still one of my top favourites. Complcated is about someone who's faking being someone else when other people are around, leaving Avril mad at that, making them look like a fool.
I can relate to that 'cause some people act like that all the time, including my family members. It also brings me back early 2000s nostalgia.
System of a Down, a band I just love because of the style. Serj's vocals are something... And the songs are so weird... I LOVE IT!
Date: December 14, 2021, 11:31 

Note:
Tema: Heartbroken and tired
Text: How people can be so mean... Is it because of me?
I'm in quarentine, I'm bored, I'm tired but I can't sleep, my "friends" don't even care about me or text me and I'm always the one to start conversations.
My crush ignores me and he thinks I'm lunatic. He doens't iniciate anything, I have to be the one to ask eveything and I feel bad when I talk about myself because he doesn't ask me anything in return. He's always "depressed" and posts shitty edgy crap on insta stories.
Date: December 14, 2021, 11:34 

Note:
Tema: Back on track
Text: So, I'm back.
I've been working on my happiness. It's temporary but a very good feeling.
I've been binging too. I'll put myself together today.
My crush is... Crushing me. Literally...
I don't understand him, not at all...
I've been reading comics too. I didn't know I liked it so much.
Thank God I have a tablet.
I did a video project and I posted it on YouTube. I'm so proud of it. I though it was really good, so did my family.
Date: December 14, 2021, 11:34 

Note:
Tema: Hopes and Dreams
Text: Today is the week of my first online classes.
I'm really excited but, at the same time, annoyned.
I've been feeding my curious mind, the same that can't be still in the same place, though I would like to be more organized.
I forgot all about my crush, he's not worth my time, and decided to reconnect with a childhood friend.
I'm trying to write more poetry since I want to write a book. I'm euphoric about my success. I've never been the one to succeed but, this time, I'm sure it can be done, I can accomplish my dreams.
Date: December 14, 2021, 11:35 